README.md, before:

# Sudachi
A simple and customizable MPD front end for OSX

## Requirements
* A working MPD setup

## Current Implemented Features
* Theme Engine

> * Customize most colors of the application
> * Customize most images of the application(Media icons, folder icon, ETC.)

* Player

> * Pause/play
> * Skip
> * Time scrubbing
> * Current position/duration
> * Title and artist display

* Playlist

> * Add/Remove songs
> * Jump to song in playlist
> * Highlight current song
> * Clear playlist

* Music Browser

> * Browse collection in a Finder-like browser

* Search

> * Search by any MPC supported term

> > * any
> > * Artist
> > * Album
> > * AlbumArtist
> > * Title
> > * Track
> > * Name
> > * Genre
> > * Date
> > * Composer
> > * Performer
> > * Comment
> > * Disc

## Planned Features
* Theme Engine

> * Add the rest of the current colors to be themeable
> * Add the rest of the current images to be themeable
> * Add more JSON files to customize more things(Like shadows, titlebar visibility, ETC.)

* Player

> * Add Loop/Shuffle/Random buttons and keybinds

* Playlist

> * Add drag reordering of playlist items
> * Fix keyboard playlist editing

* Music Browser

> * Add a database update button and keybind

Commit message:

Fixed a bug with the music browser where if you added multiple items it wouldnt update, updated README

README.md, after:

# Sudachi
A simple and customizable MPD front end for OSX

## Requirements
* A working MPD setup

## Current Implemented Features
* Theme Engine

> * Customize most colors of the application
> * Customize most images of the application(Media icons, folder icon, ETC.)

* Player

> * Pause/play
> * Skip
> * Time scrubbing
> * Current position/duration
> * Title and artist display

* Playlist

> * Add/Remove songs
> * Jump to song in playlist
> * Highlight current song
> * Clear playlist

* Music Browser

> * Browse collection in a Finder-like browser

* Search

> * Search by any MPC supported term

> > * any
> > * Artist
> > * Album
> > * AlbumArtist
> > * Title
> > * Track
> > * Name
> > * Genre
> > * Date
> > * Composer
> > * Performer
> > * Comment
> > * Disc

## Planned Features
* Theme Engine

> * Add the rest of the current colors to be themeable
> * Add the rest of the current images to be themeable
> * Add more JSON files to customize more things(Like shadows, titlebar visibility, ETC.)

* Player

> * Add Loop/Shuffle/Random buttons and keybinds

* Playlist

> * Add drag reordering of playlist items
> * Fix keyboard playlist editing
> * Otions to set the display format of playlist items

* Music Browser

> * Add a database update button and keybind
